---
layout: post
title: Back at it.
description: lets go.
---

{{ page.title }}
----------------

<p class="meta">September 7th 2020</p>

Where do I start? Its been over 16 months since I wrote anything for the blog and sadly I have to report I have made limited progress on everything I hoped to achieve. That's exactly my issue, hope. Hope does not get you anything in life. Edison said "There is no substitute for hard work". Hard work is actionable! It requires effort and energy and makes you exhausted. I found myself constantly looking for distractions from hard work. My phone would be right next to me and anytime something stressed me out I would open it and seek a dopamine loop via reddit and google news. Infinitely scrolling through headlines just to distract myself from projects,work,self improvement anything that took effort.

It's not all doom and gloom though! Over the past five weeks I have really gotten into the swing of things again and have read the following books:
    * Code: The Hidden Language of Computer Hardware and Software
    * Mans Search For Meaning
    * The Alchemist 
    * Can't Hurt Me
    * In Progress: Atomic Habits

I have also committed to a home fitness routine:
    * 15x4 Push Ups
    * 10x3 Diamond Push Ups
    * 5x5  Pull Ups
    * 5x5  Chin Ups
    * 15x4 Squats 
    * 10x3 Resistance Band Curls
    * 20 minutes + 1 Stationary Cycling (Increasing by 1 minute each workout until 1 hour.)


I've completed this workout 20 times now and have currently done 1200 pushups and squats, 600 diamond pushups and band curls, 500 pullups and chin ups, and over 10 hours total cycling. Adding activities outside of this workout has really picked up in the past two weeks, walking, running, and ring fit adventure have all become staples in my off days.

Lastly I am almost finished starting my coffee business! *More to come*

Instead of optmizing my routine like my post suggested on 4/29/19, I am working on three things and building out a new identity.
    Identity: Student
        System: Morning reading after my shower (Compounding my habit of taking morning showers with reading)  
            Goals: Read more books
    Identity: Programmer
        System: Focused learning using Pomodoro after workouts (Compounding my habit of working out with studying)  
            Goals: Build applications for all the crazy ideas I have
    Identity: Entrepreneur 
        System: Three tasks a day before lunch. (Rewarding business progress with lunch)
            Goals: Finish Optimal Thoughts Coffee and move on to the next side hustle.

The above is rather dry and dull, maybe even vapid. However, through hard work and effort my writing should evolve and ne day I will be able to articulate my own shortcomings and accomplishments in such a way that it helps someone else or at least provides entertainment.



