---
layout: post
title: On and Off 
description: Drive vs Motivation
---

{{ page.title }}
----------------

<p class="meta">June 6th 2021</p>

First month of tracking objectives and key results down. These last two weeks were a mix of emotions. Lacking follow through in some areas and seriously winning in others. 

<h3>Grow Physically</h3>
* 10 of 13 lifting workouts completed on same day (12/13 completed)
* 13 of 13 runs completed on same day.
<h3>Grow Professionally</h3>
* Sign up for College [1/1]
* Sign up for Toastmasters [1/1]
<h3>Grow Intellectually </h3>
* Completed 2 books [3/2]
* 48 Pomodoros completed for programming [24/48]
* Write 5 blog posts [4/5]
    
Overall I would call this month a success - however I missed 1 workout and two missed days - I also didn't develop a strong since of urgency around programming and failed to release a blog post last week.

Some key highlights for the last week of May - the 25th was happenstance one of if not the hardest days. I failed to complete my workout the day before and figured I would just roll the week across. Workout on Tuesday - Run Wednesday and continue into Sunday. After working out Tuesday I planned on playing some basketball but by pure chance my wife didn't take the ball out of the car even though I asked her too like 15 times. I didn't want to run - but with no chance at playing basketball and nothing else to do besides lazy right after my workout I went and ran 3 miles. The entire time I wanted to quit - but I kept pushing myself and reminding myself that every action I take is a vote towards the person I want to be.

Another similar even happened Thursday where the rain and wind were just ripping - instead of staying in or doing cardio on the bike. I got my fat ass out the door and got after it. I ended up logging over 50 miles in the Month of May - more then any month in my life up to that point. Running has never been harder but more rewarding at the same time. 

I also loosely defined my June goals - the weekend after I get back from my vacation will work on mapping out future key results. This months feel a little shallow or maybe like I am not pushing myself hard enough - I don't know if this is just circumstance or true. In becoming goal driven I have this sense of anxiety around me like I am not doing enough - and every failure adds to it.

<h4>Junes Key Results</h4>
* Drink 50% less alcohol - as measured by not drinking on the weekdays - excluding my vacation. 
* Start new lifting routine and maintain it every day - PPLPPLR - 20 minutes of cardio.

<h3>Grow Professionally</h3>
* Completed college orientation!
* Finish my paper.

<h3>Grow Intellectually</h3>
* Read 3 books
* Complete a review and summary of all May Books.
* Code everyday 

